                    TOMMY UNG & PARTNERS PLT (AF 002378)
                    202006000027 (LLP0025192-LCA)
                    Chartered Accountants



INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

The Board of Directors and Management
Blox Blockchain Sdn Bhd

We have been engaged to perform a reasonable assurance engagement of Blox Blockchain
Sdn Bhd’s (the “Company”) assertion that the following information (“Reserve Information”) of
the Company in the accompanying Malaysian Ringgit Coin (“MYRC”) Reserve Report as at
31 August 2026 at 11:59 PM GMT+8 (“Report Date”) is fairly stated based on the criteria set
forth in the MYRC Reserve Report.

   •   MYRC in Circulation = 1,800,903.74 MYRC

   •   The total fair value of Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) denominated assets held is equal to
       or greater than the MYRC in circulation at the Report Date.


Management’s Responsibility

Management is responsible for the preparation of the Reserve Information in accordance with
the applicable criteria as set forth in the MYRC Reserve Report. Management is also
responsible for such internal control as management determines necessary to enable the
preparation of the Reserve Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.


Auditors’ independence and quality control

We are independent of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional Ethics,
Conduct and Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants (“By-Laws”) and the
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (“IESBA Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the
IESBA Code.

Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, Quality Management for
Firms that Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or Other Assurance or Related
Services Engagements (“ISQM1”) and, accordingly, maintains a system of quality control that
includes directors and procedures concerning compliance with ethical requirements,
professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.


Auditors’ responsibility

Our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance opinion on the Reserve Information
based on the evidence we have obtained.

We carried out our work in accordance with the criterial established in the International
Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised), Assurance Engagements Other than
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, issued by the International Auditing and


                      A: 6-2, Suite B, Jalan Puteri 2/4, Bandar Puteri, 47100 Puchong, Selangor, Malaysia
                                                        E: Auditsvs.fs@gmail.com      T: 03 - 8051 0332
Auditors’ responsibility (contd.)

Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”) for reasonable assurance engagements. This standard
requires that we plan and perform the engagement to obtain reasonable assurance whether
the MYRC Reserve Report free from material misstatement.

An examination involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about management’s
assertion. The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depend on our judgment,
including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of management’s assertion,
whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


Significant inherent limitations

The Reserve Information in the accompanying MYRC Reserve Report relates to the
Company’s MYRC token, which is a cryptographic stored value token that allows financial
market participants to transact with a crypto asset. Crypto assets are an evolving area of
technology and marketplace activity. Individuals who acquire and utilise MYRC tokens and
other crypto assets are responsible for informing themselves of the general risks and
uncertainties associated with them.


Opinion

In our opinion, the Reserve Information in the accompanying MYRC Reserve Report of the
Company as at 31 August 2026 is fairly stated, based on the criteria set forth in the Reserve
Account Report, in all material respects.


Specific Purpose of Applicable Criteria and Restriction on Distribution and/or Use

This report is made solely to the Company based on the Company’s requirement and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this
report.




Tommy Ung & Partners PLT
202006000027 (LLP0025192-LCA) & AF 002378
Chartered Accountants

Malaysia
29 September 2026



                      A: 6-2, Suite B, Jalan Puteri 2/4, Bandar Puteri, 47100 Puchong, Selangor, Malaysia
                                                        E: Auditsvs.fs@gmail.com      T: 03 - 8051 0332
                                                            MYRC Reserve Report



MYRC Reserve Report Validity Assertion

BLOX Blockchain Sdn. Bhd. (referred to as the "Company" and/or “BLOX”) assumes
the responsibility for ensuring the accuracy, completeness, and validity of the MYRC
Reserve Report as of August 31, 2026, at 11:59 pm GMT+8 (referred to as the "Report
Date"). Company asserts that, based on the criteria outlined in the Report, the Fair
Value of Assets held within the MYRC Reserve meets or exceeds the quantity of
MYRC in Circulation as of the specified Report Date.

MYRC Reserve Account Report

 Report Date                                                        31st August 2026


 MYRC in Circulation                                                      1,800,903.74
 (as defined in the Criteria below)


 Total    Malaysian  Ringgit   (MYR)                                      1,800,903.74
 denominated assets held on behalf of
 MYRC holders. Please refer to MYRC
 Reserve Breakdown.


CRITERIA / NOTES

   1. MYRC in Circulation is defined as the total MYRC supply on MYRC Approved
      Blockchain at the Report Date (6,365,298.65) less (i) Tokens Authorized But
      Not Issued as reported on MYRC Approved Blockchain (4,564,394.91).


   2. Total Malaysian Ringgit denominated assets consist of MYR cash deposits at
      banks and MYR cash equivalents held with asset managers licensed by
      Securities Commission Malaysia that are readily available for withdrawal for
      token redemption.

   3. BLOX and MYRC are currently in an Open Beta Testing phase, dedicated to
      the research and development of stablecoin infrastructure and its potential for
      the Malaysian economy. BLOX is currently not a participant in any regulatory
      sandbox in Malaysia.

       While BLOX fully acknowledges and supports the initiatives of Bank Negara
       Malaysia (BNM), specifically the Digital Asset Innovation Hub (DAIH), the
       Company operates independently from and has no affiliation with the DAIH of
       that framework at this moment in time.

       For official information regarding the DAIH and its participants, please visit the
       official BNM portal: https://www.bnm.gov.my/DAIH.

                                                                                 blox.my
                                            MYRC Reserve Report




____________________
Ethan Chung
CEO of BLOX
September 29, 2026



MYRC Reserve Breakdown

                             Total (MYR)              Allocation


Cash                         1,200,903.77               66.68%


Halogen Shariah MYR Liquid    600,000.00                33.32%
Fund


Total                        1,800,903.77               100.00%




                                                          blox.my
